Now that we covered the course overview,
let's jump into our first module, The Value of Requirements.
Here are the topics of the module of The Value of Requirements: the essential
role of the business analyst, tools, skills, and "must haves", what's a
requirement, the uncertainty of business requirements,
how to efficiently gather requirements,
requirements development using lean, apply the right level of effort,
determining true value of a requirement, and lastly,
in search of the perfect requirement.
The outcome of this module is to enable you to have a clear,
lean, and agile process to determine requirements that are truly
essential and will add value to the business.
This module will also focus on how essential the business analyst
role is in the development of new systems today. Okay, let's get after it.